Update intro.md (#24676)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/mvc/views/tag-helpers/intro.md

`LabelTagHelper` attributes are applied. If you're familiar with [HTML Helpers](https://stephenwalther.com/archive/2009/03/03/chapter-6-understanding-html-helpers), Tag Helpers reduce the explicit transitions between HTML and C# in Razor views. In many cases, HTML Helpers provide an alternative approach to a specific Tag Helper, but it's important to recognize that Tag Helpers don't replace HTML Helpers and there's not a Tag Helper for each HTML Helper. [Tag Helpers compared to HTML Helpers](#tag-helpers-compared-to-html-helpers) explains the differences in more detail.

> Tag Helpers are not supported in <xref:blazor/components/index>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tag Helpers aren't supported in Razor components. For more information, see <xref:blazor/components/index#tag-helpers-arent-supported-in-components>.
```
